Hey, Master Yang
Why are you here?
Master Yang, are you also coming to participate in the Doubao Contest?
Didn't I tell you before?
Miss Guan, send me the invitation letter in person.
I can't break the face of the official family, right?
Oh, I almost forgot.
Desheng's auction house Hesheng
The total auction house is yours
Now the entire East Garden
You are the biggest auction house owner
Miss Guan will definitely give you the sunny day.
But don't worry.
This time I'm talking about how it works.
Is this you?
This is my father's sad disciple
cut
Ah, Master Yang, don't mind
Forward he has this temper
Is it an expert?
Usually arrogant
What a proud man
What about me?
I only admire those who are stronger than me
You hairy boy
Just happened to pick up the leak
Miss Hou
For the sake of saving my master's life
A Master's Education
You really consider yourself a master, don't you?
Okay, if you have the ability to beat me at the treasure fighting conference
I also call you a master
It's okay. It's okay.
I'll go back and sit first
When we're done
Teacher Liu, I will sit next to you
Teacher Yang, do you know about this Doubao Conference?
How to fight
I'm really here to make soy sauce
Didn't plan to win
But how?
It's not that simple.
The official has 3 questions
Let's try to answer separately
And the one who gets it right wins.
What if they all get it right?